README.md, before:

# Landing-Page

This project is part of The Odin Project's curriculum. I built the Holy Grail website layout from scratch using my knowledge of the basics of HTML and CSS.

## Project Description

The Holy Grail layout is a classic web design challenge that involves creating a webpage with the following layout:

* A header that spans the full width of the page
* A footer that spans the full width of the page
* A main content area in the center
* A sidebar on the left
* A sidebar on the right

This website was designed based on a reference image provided and a few details about fonts and colors.

## Technologies Used

* HTML
* CSS

## Features

* Responsive design
* Semantic HTML5 markup
* Flexbox for layout

## Live Demo

You can view the live demo of the project [here](https://sharwari19.github.io/Landing-Page/).

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have a modern web browser installed

### Installation

1. Clone the repo

```
git clone https://github.com/your_username/holy-grail-layout.git

```
2. Open the 'index.html' file in your web browser

## Usage

Explore the different sections of the layout to understand how it is structured. To get a better understanding of how to style pages and create layout using Flexbox. Feel free to modify the code to see how changes affect the layout.

## Contributing

If you have suggestions for improving the project, please fork the repository and create a pull request. 

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature)
3. Commit your Changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature')
4. Push to the Branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature)
5. Open a Pull Request

## Acknowledgements

* [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/dashboard)

Commit message:

Update README.md to add live preview link of the project

README.md, after:

# Landing-Page

This project is part of The Odin Project's curriculum. I built the Holy Grail website layout from scratch using my knowledge of the basics of HTML and CSS.

## Live Preview

You can check out the live version of the Etch-a-Sketch project [here](https://sharwari19.github.io/Landing-Page/).


## Project Description

The Holy Grail layout is a classic web design challenge that involves creating a webpage with the following layout:

* A header that spans the full width of the page
* A footer that spans the full width of the page
* A main content area in the center
* A sidebar on the left
* A sidebar on the right

This website was designed based on a reference image provided and a few details about fonts and colors.

## Technologies Used

* HTML
* CSS

## Features

* Responsive design
* Semantic HTML5 markup
* Flexbox for layout

## Live Demo

You can view the live demo of the project [here](https://sharwari19.github.io/Landing-Page/).

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have a modern web browser installed

### Installation

1. Clone the repo

```
git clone https://github.com/your_username/holy-grail-layout.git

```
2. Open the 'index.html' file in your web browser

## Usage

Explore the different sections of the layout to understand how it is structured. To get a better understanding of how to style pages and create layout using Flexbox. Feel free to modify the code to see how changes affect the layout.

## Contributing

If you have suggestions for improving the project, please fork the repository and create a pull request. 

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature)
3. Commit your Changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature')
4. Push to the Branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature)
5. Open a Pull Request

## Acknowledgements

* [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/dashboard)
